[Base][Tab] Add vertical tabs demo (#37292)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/components/tabs/tabs.md

{{"demo": "UnstyledTabsCustomized.js"}}

> ### Vertical

Reviewer: Can you move this section down to underneath the `## Customization` header? It can be the first item, above the section about TypeScript.

> To adapt keyboard navigation (e.g. arrow keys) to use a vertical orientation, set `orientation="vertical"` on the `Tabs` component.

Reviewer: Let's make this more informative, and also clarify that it's a "must" for a11y purposes.

```suggestion
Tab components can be arranged vertically as well as horizontally.
When vertical, you must set `orientation="vertical"` on the `<Tabs />` component so the user can navigate with the up and down arrow keys (rather than the default left-to-right behavior for horizontal tabs).
```
